Update content for <Inbox/> Data Object (#810)
novuhq/docs: content/docs/platform/inbox/react/components/inbox.mdx

### Data object

> The `data` object is a key-value store within each notification, used to extend <Method href="/platform/inbox/react/components/inbox">{`<Inbox />`}</Method> notifications by embedding step-specific metadata. It provides flexible notification handling, supporting both static and dynamic values. Dynamic values can reference properties such as `subscriber.firstName`, enabling customized rendering logic based on notification attributes.

Reviewer: You explain dynamic values here, but not static. I would suggest something like:

```
...both static and dynamic values.
- Static values are values that...<explanation>
- Dynamic values ...<explanation>
```

> You can pass data like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can pass data such as:
```

> * `reactionType`: To display specific icons (e.g., 👍, ❤️, comment bubble).

Reviewer: If you are using the Google Developer Documentation Style Guide, then do not use e.g. Refer to their word list for guidance on what to use instead.

* `entityId` (like `pullRequestId` or `issueId`): Create direct links or show relevant badges (e.g., a GitHub logo linking to the PR).

> * `status` or `actionType`: To show visual cues like colored dots or status icons (e.g., green for 'merged', orange for 'commented').

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `status` or `actionType`: To show visual cues such as colored dots or status icons (e.g., green for 'merged', orange for 'commented').
```

<img
  alt="Data object for in-app Inbox step"
  src="/images/inbox/data-object.png"
/>

The `data` object is defined within a workflow's in-app step in the Novu dashboard. Each key-value pair, referred to as a property, can be static or dynamic, and you get up to 10 properties per in-app step. These properties are accessible on the frontend via the `notification.data` property.

```tsx
  <Inbox
    applicationIdentifier="YOUR_APPLICATION_IDENTIFIER"
    subscriberId="YOUR_SUBSCRIBER_ID"
    renderNotification={(notification) => (
      <div>
        <p>{notification.data?.customKey}</p>
        <p>{notification.data?.dataId}</p>
      </div>
    )}
  />

```

> `notification.data` is included in the client response, so sensitive data should not be stored. By default, `notification.data` is untyped. To ensure type safety, declare the `NotificationData` interface globally.

Reviewer: "should not be stored" is rather passive. Can you rework so it is more active? This is a rather important security concern.

```ts
declare global {
  interface NotificationData {
    customKey?: string;
    dataId?: number;
  }
}
```

> This let’s TypeScript to infer the structure of `notification.data`, preventing errors when accessing properties. However, as not all notifications include the same keys, properties should be checked for existence before usage. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This lets TypeScript infer the structure of `notification.data`, preventing errors when accessing properties. However, as not all notifications include the same keys, properties should be checked for existence before usage. 
```

Reviewer: "properties should be checked for existence before usage" is very passive. Reword to be more active.

You can pass data such as:
* `reactionType`: To display specific icons such as 👍, ❤️, or a comment bubble.
* `entityId` (like `pullRequestId` or `issueId`): Create direct links or show relevant badges (e.g., a GitHub logo linking to the PR).
* `status` or `actionType`: To show visual cues such as colored dots or status icons (e.g., green for 'merged', orange for 'commented').

<img
  alt="Data object for in-app Inbox step"
  src="/images/inbox/data-object.png"
/>

The `data` object is defined within a workflow's in-app step in the Novu dashboard. Each key-value pair, referred to as a property, can be static or dynamic, and you get up to 10 properties per in-app step. These properties are accessible on the frontend via the `notification.data` property.

```tsx
  <Inbox
    applicationIdentifier="YOUR_APPLICATION_IDENTIFIER"
    subscriberId="YOUR_SUBSCRIBER_ID"
    renderNotification={(notification) => (
      <div>
        <p>{notification.data?.customKey}</p>
        <p>{notification.data?.dataId}</p>
      </div>
    )}
  />

```
<Callout type="warn">

>       **Note:** `notification.data` is included in the client response, so do not store any sensitive data in it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      `notification.data` is included in the client response, so do not store any sensitive data in it.
```
